= cloudstack_rightimage_uploader

A simple gem for uploading a RightScale RightImage (with a fingerprint) to CloudStack.

== Usage

First, install it

  gem install cloudstack_rightimage_uploader

Then you can run it!  This will upload the default KVM system VM for CloudStack 2.2.x

  cloudstack_rightimage_uploader --host cloudstack-manager.domain.com \
    --api-key abcdefg \
    --api-secret 1234567 \
    --template-uri http://download.cloud.com/releases/2.2.0/systemvm.qcow2.bz2 \
    --template-md5 ec463e677054f280f152fcc264255d2f \
    --template-format QCOW2 \
    --template-hypervisor KVM \
    --template-ostypeid 12 \
    --template-displayname KVM_SystemVM
  ---
  registertemplateresponse:
    template:
    - templatetype: USER
      ostypename: KVM_SystemVM
      name: KVM_SystemVM
      hypervisor: KVM
      zonename: Test
      format: QCOW2
      ispublic: false
      domain: ROOT
      account: admin
      isfeatured: false
      displaytext: KVM_SystemVM
      checksum: ec463e677054f280f152fcc264255d2f
      ostypeid: 12
      isready: false
      id: 1
      zoneid: 1
      passwordenabled: false
      domainid: 1
      crossZones: false
      isextractable: false
      created: 2012-05-21T15:29:58-0700
    count: 1

== Changelog

* 0.0.1 - Initial release

== Contributing to cloudstack_rightimage_uploader
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Ryan J. Geyer. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

